feat(components/inline-adder): add rows limit option (#844)
ovh/ovh-ui-kit: packages/components/inline-adder/README.md

## Component `oui-inline-adder`

| Attribute        | Type      | Binding   | One-time binding  | Values            | Default          | Description
| ----             | ----      | ----      | ----              | ----              | ----             | ----
| `on-add`         | function  | &         | no                | n/a               | n/a              | handler triggered when a row is added
| `on-remove`      | function  | &         | no                | n/a               | n/a              | handler triggered when a row is removed
| `on-change`      | function  | &         | no                | n/a               | n/a              | handler triggered when rows have changed
| `tooltip-add`    | string    | @?        | yes               | n/a               | n/a              | tooltip to display for the add button
| `tooltip-delete` | string    | @?        | yes               | n/a               | n/a              | tooltip to display for the delete button

> | `rows-limit`     | integer   | <?        | yes               | n/a               | 9007199254740991 | maximum number of oui-inline-adder-rows

Reviewer: **nitpick:** For better readability you can mention `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER` instead of some random number.
```suggestion
| `rows-limit`     | integer   | <?        | yes               | n/a               | Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER | maximum number of oui-inline-adder-rows
```
